DOCS-1174: Clarify model triplet (#1938)
viamrobotics/docs: docs/modular-resources/key-concepts.md

For example, some DC motors communicate using [GPIO](/components/board/), while other DC motors use serial protocols like the [SPI bus](/components/board/#spis).
Regardless, you can power any motor model that implements the `rdk:component:motor` API with the `SetPower()` method.

> Models are uniquely namespaced as colon-delimited-triplets in the form `namespace:repo-name:name` for modular resources and `rdk:builtin:name` for builtin models.

Reviewer: [opt] Idk if this is actually better. But "built-in models" should be hyphenated as such per Webster.
```suggestion
Models are uniquely namespaced as colon-delimited-triplets.
Modular resource model names have the form `namespace:repo-name:name`.
Built-in model names have the form `rdk:builtin:name`.
```

- Your model triplet must be all-lowercase.
- Your model triplet may only use alphanumeric (`a-z` and `0-9`), hyphen (`-`), and underscore (`_`) characters.

For the middle segment of your model triplet `repo-name`, use the name of the git repository where you store your module's code.

> The `repo-name` should describe the common functionality provided across the modelor models of that module.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The `repo-name` should describe the common functionality provided across the model or models of that module.
```

For example:

> - The `rand:yahboom:arm` model and the `rand:yahboom:gripper` model uses the repository name [yahboom](https://github.com/viam-labs/yahboom).

Author: ```suggestion

- The `rand:yahboom:arm` model and the `rand:yahboom:gripper` model uses the repository name [yahboom](https://github.com/viam-labs/yahboom).
```

>   They implement the `rdk:component:arm` and the `rdk:component:gripper` API to support the yahboom dofbot arm and gripper respectively.

Author: ```suggestion
  The models implement the `rdk:component:arm` and the `rdk:component:gripper` API to support the yahboom dofbot arm and gripper respectively.
```

- Your model triplet must be all-lowercase.
- Your model triplet may only use alphanumeric (`a-z` and `0-9`), hyphen (`-`), and underscore (`_`) characters.

For the middle segment of your model triplet `repo-name`, use the name of the git repository where you store your module's code.
The `repo-name` should describe the common functionality provided across the model or models of that module.

For example:

- The `rand:yahboom:arm` model and the `rand:yahboom:gripper` model uses the repository name [yahboom](https://github.com/viam-labs/yahboom).

>   The models implement the `rdk:component:arm` and the `rdk:component:gripper` API to support the yahboom dofbot arm and gripper respectively.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  The models implement the `rdk:component:arm` and the `rdk:component:gripper` API to support the Yahboom DOFBOT arm and gripper respectively.
```

Reviewer: This is a stronger example than that in the glossary, since it actually shows two different models. Why not just include this here, take examples out of the glossary, and link from the glossary to here?

> 

Reviewer: I think a line to introduce this block of JSON is necessary. Where does the user put this? Is this a component config? A module config? None of the above?

Author: I think let's remove teh json. It's needed for uploading

  ```json {class="line-numbers linkable-line-numbers"}
  {
    "api": "rdk:component:arm",
    "model": "rand:yahboom:arm"
  },
  {
    "api": "rdk:component:arm",

>     "model": "rand:yahboom:arm"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    "model": "rand:yahboom:gripper"
```
I think?

  }
  ```

- The `viam-labs:audioout:pygame` model uses the repository name [audioout](https://github.com/viam-labs/audioout)
  It implements the custom API `viam-labs:service:audioout`.

>   ```json {class="line-numbers linkable-line-numbers"}

Reviewer: Same here; I think this should say something like "The following example JSON shows how this model would be configured in the robot's component config:" (or whatever is actually accurate; I don't think my words are)

- Your model triplet must be all-lowercase.
- Your model triplet may only use alphanumeric (`a-z` and `0-9`), hyphen (`-`), and underscore (`_`) characters.

For the middle segment of your model triplet `repo-name`, use the name of the git repository where you store your module's code.
The `repo-name` should describe the common functionality provided across the model or models of that module.

For example:

- The `rand:yahboom:arm` model and the `rand:yahboom:gripper` model uses the repository name [yahboom](https://github.com/viam-labs/yahboom).
  The models implement the `rdk:component:arm` and the `rdk:component:gripper` API to support the Yahboom DOFBOT arm and gripper respectively.

  ```json {class="line-numbers linkable-line-numbers"}
  {
    "api": "rdk:component:arm",
    "model": "rand:yahboom:arm"
  },
  {

>     "api": "rdk:component:arm",

Author: ```suggestion
    "api": "rdk:component:gripper",
```

- Your model triplet must be all-lowercase.
- Your model triplet may only use alphanumeric (`a-z` and `0-9`), hyphen (`-`), and underscore (`_`) characters.

For the middle segment of your model triplet `repo-name`, use the name of the git repository where you store your module's code.
The `repo-name` should describe the common functionality provided across the model or models of that module.

For example:

- The `rand:yahboom:arm` model and the `rand:yahboom:gripper` model uses the repository name [yahboom](https://github.com/viam-labs/yahboom).

>   The models implement the `rdk:component:arm` and the `rdk:component:gripper` API to support the Yahboom DOFBOT arm and gripper respectively.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  The models implement the `rdk:component:arm` and the `rdk:component:gripper` API to support the Yahboom DOFBOT arm and gripper, respectively.
```
[nit]

- Your model triplet must be all-lowercase.
- Your model triplet may only use alphanumeric (`a-z` and `0-9`), hyphen (`-`), and underscore (`_`) characters.

For the middle segment of your model triplet `repo-name`, use the name of the git repository where you store your module's code.
The `repo-name` should describe the common functionality provided across the model or models of that module.

For example:

- The `rand:yahboom:arm` model and the `rand:yahboom:gripper` model uses the repository name [yahboom](https://github.com/viam-labs/yahboom).
  The models implement the `rdk:component:arm` and the `rdk:component:gripper` API to support the Yahboom DOFBOT arm and gripper respectively.

> 

Author: ```suggestion
```
